I categorically welcome you all with
you domanova
and today we look just super
beautiful fight I don't know maybe he
made of course not super good but damn
well he just
in general let's see i'm not inside
I expected that there will be a video I just
did mounted previous
Well, probably there will be a gap of time
to drive for two days in general I don’t know
I’m going to write this setup
we have one person 2000 fights and efficiency have but
400 now I'll show this type in
overall it is bad
aber hurt blast punch well come on you
start gasping and groaning
forget our guys shoot down and the very first
melts the rule is not the very first but all
the same should be the way here, I wrote comrade
I just want to discuss this
wrote comrade that in 2000 is no longer
I stuff with this categorically not
I agree because I have two thousand fights
and I have my efficiency rating
equal to number 1260 I think indicators
not bad up for just the same for two
thousand okay this is all Ponte move to
battles actually this form dare to go
as standard I developed here for
I myself do not know such a mini tactic at the beginning
I drop in on moz and then look through
if there is anyone there and then
shoot left right and start already
how are you now look like
opponents begin to disperse as
our guys merge they merge when
I'm already starting to act more
specifically here I notice t21
I don't seem to be such a person anymore
show unlucky domnin produces
wbp semi
here finish him and here I look like
I will see what you see seeing
towers turned means everything is fine here I
did not know that there will be and
lucky you see, I punched here I
ammunition of course to what because
if he subjugated I would no longer exist
perform
and standard error dies slowly
I guess just the same opponents
are needed
so you see we are going to horror
just us make out our our all but not
team trouble is dima nila how are you
know who has a hardcore feature
mode and
and in this function I do not know my
Subscribers know for sure here are the new guys
probably doesn't know well actually not
scary i think this is not the last video
on my to
Alek who here so will I
look
I choose a goal and better here I have
I have an avatar, so now I thought
I thought everything but I oh I'm just that
imagine the feeling of a person who
one against a huge number of tanks
here i was driving arson ass i knew what to
lich some damage but that already nothing
It could be done either do
two shots
damage or drive off and fight
to last for to last
sigh as i did here i get
last bullet in the caterpillar adore this
tank I learned to play like that
almost no one breaks me here
I will try my luck punch my 6 him
I'm breaking through all the regime of Dima Nella
turned on rage like bill yard seven
hundred lucky I do not know many will not
have understood
rage mode like my arsenal teeth
close friends know who played with me in
general now i will breed this this
wise guy on the harp how are dogs made
I succeed in this, I know that for the sake of
I 'm not fast anymore
I do this with the case so that
I ricocheted well here he is a book to me
will help and I understand it now
I thought the first went where
to 5 but after looking a little further I
I notice that you now highlight notice
that he is away from me so I am here
I can fight and
notice one more me kretova on gun
repair kit is no longer here I ricochet
get here right here just well
I just was such a fight. I was here from
honestly and kinda calm
just played that is
calmly just rode so calmly
bottom is not nervous somehow
Well, of course I burned Kapets when
our all merged here in this place but all
equal i'm part of complete composure
contains because I watched many
video favorite video of many people that they
It connected you can play it in cold blood
they tried to do it for me already 2
thousands of chairs I have 42 hpn for one
T34 shot made stupid of course
mistake he could just leave not in the forehead
exchanged somehow and was get
kill me but it will shut down
it's like i'm here i'm gonna spread it
just does not have time to aim with him
there is constantly around the corner when he
is leaving
but the gun, too, and now I finish my friend
I see that our t-34 hero is one Chinese
fights again hurry and i'm here opa pa
I need to get the style that I paid
medium pc so i have to pick though
would have one more
school fly tagged even from empty to us
weapon in general homeland of this fight
ends yes oh how I don't know
did you like this fight or not but
he hurt me I decided to share it
fight with you so thank you all for
attention with you was Dima Nala bye bye
chik-chik